hey what is up guys the Russian sniper
area with a quick little vid and this
time I'm going to talk about import lag
and more importantly how to fix import
like because that's what we all want
until patches and stuff come out we can
do something about ourselves so as you
can see I have my TV here i'm recording
my camera which is 720 and I've done a
couple of tests with it and you can just
about see my screen there this is the
normal sort of TV and everything that's
just no program beyond it just to make
things a little bit easier so you can
see a bit better if I scroll down this
is a samsung TV it's a 32 inch but it's
done really important what the sizes
which the make is really important so as
you can just see there there's an option
called game mode that's off now I went
in and tried to turn it on and
everything and you can also see PC down
the bottom now where I'm thinking okay
what's going on here why can I not do
this and everything and then I decided
well let's let me just go into actual
game what I played the game and see if I
can turn off from there so if i press
this a couple of times extension 3 have
got my component cables and you can just
about see this is game mode on the left
now what that what that really does is
remove the import like I've tested this
on bad company two and battlefield 3 and
bad company two input lag was about
between nine to eleven milliseconds and
in bad company bad camp sorry
battlefield 3 it was about 26 so that
being more more than pretty much double
the import like I've decided to turn
this PC mode on and game mode on and
just to see if he do any kind of
difference and ivory from the same test
over and over again and I realized that
that brings it down to the same as bad
company so even though every single game
out there suffers from import like it
just depends how much I mean in bad
company 2 I can't really remember people
complaining that much about import like
I mean obviously yeah there will be
slight but it like but not really that
much but in battlefield 3 I know a lot
of you have complained and said yeah
there's a lot of like going on and
import like and stuff like that so go
the menu thing again go ahead and go
lucky TV I've looked of a another TV a
friend of mine Bosnian there he's got a
Phillips and he's got the same option so
he can he can go ahead and turn the game
all done you can just about see the it's
on so go ahead and turn it on in
whenever you play you probably play on
hdmi if you don't record with a PVR RGB
or something like that I probably have
your own sayings but going to your TV
make sure you turn game or done and that
will remove your import like and it'll
do it same as bad company so well it did
for me and I'm quite happy with that so
we're hopefully you enjoyed this little
vid and if you don't let me know in the
comments below what you think did you
fix it for your do you feel it's
slightly faster than everything I mean I
know you're not gaining a couple of
seconds on your opponents or anything
but you gaining point two six
milliseconds or something like that so
it's still an improvement the way I see
it and they still makes you a little bit
faster you could turn a little bit
faster you can name you come faster and
the easiest way for me to find out is
moving your camera around and jumping
and shooting the same time because
that's kind of nearly impossible in
battlefield 3 because the input line but
now it is not for me anyway I mean
jumping I'm talking from a flat surface
not jumping from a tall building or
something so go ahead and try yourselves
let me know what you thinking hopefully
it says so to you like out I know he did
work for me I've been the rushes night
but out